Update for version selection articles (#25039)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

For more information, see [Razor SDK properties](/aspnet/core/razor-pages/sdk#properties).

### RollForward

> The `RollForward` property controls the how the application chooses a different runtime when the targetted runtime is unavailable. This value is output to the *.runtimeconfig.json* as the `rollForward` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RollForward` property controls how the application chooses a runtime when multiple runtime versions are available. This value is output to the *.runtimeconfig.json* as the `rollForward` setting.
```

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <RollForward>LatestMinor</RollForward>
</PropertyGroup>
```

Set `RollForward` to one of the following values:

| Value         | Description                                                                                                                                                               |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `LatestPatch` | Roll-forward to the highest patch version. This value disables minor version roll-forward.                                                                                      |

> | `Minor`       | Roll-forward to the lowest higher minor version, if requested minor version is missing. If the requested minor version is present, then the `LatestPatch` policy is used. |

Reviewer: We should note that this is the default.

| `Major`       | Roll-forward to the next available higher major version, and lowest minor version, if requested major version is missing. If the requested major version is present, then the `Minor` policy is used. |

> | `LatestMinor` | Roll-forward to highest minor version, even if requested minor version is present.                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: Should we colocate all the `Latest*` values?

| `LatestMajor` | Roll-forward to highest major and highest minor version, even if requested major is present.                                                                              |
| `Disable`     | Don't roll-forward, only bind to the specified version. This policy isn't recommended for general use since it disables the ability to roll-forward to the latest patches. This value is only recommended for testing. |

For more information, see [Control roll-forward behavior](../versions/selection.md#control-roll-forward-behavior).

### RuntimeFrameworkVersion

The `RuntimeFrameworkVersion` property specifies the version of the runtime to use when publishing. Specify a runtime version:

``` xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <RuntimeFrameworkVersion>5.0.7</RuntimeFrameworkVersion>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> When publishing a framework-dependent application, this value specifies the minimum version required. When publishing a self-contained application, this value specifies the *exact* version required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When publishing a framework-dependent application, this value specifies the *minimum* version required. When publishing a self-contained application, this value specifies the *exact* version required.
```
